feat: generate knowledgebase docs (#2626)
razorpay/blade: knowledgebase/GeneralKnowledge.md

# Blade General Knowledge

This file provides basic overview of blade along with common utility types that you will see in other parts of documentation

## What is Blade?

Blade is Razorpay's Design System to help you build UIs that are consistent with Razorpay's visual language.

Blade is comparitively restrictive than other design systems hence it won't support all the props that other component libraries or design systems do.

## How to build layouts in Blade?

### Box

Blade has Box component that is used to create general layouts. Check out Box documentation whenever you need to build layouts.

### Styled Props

> Blade also supports limited styled props on several components to modify styles.

Reviewer: maybe refine it to something like below? so that LLM doesn't takes it in a way that its limited and hallucinates? 🙈
```suggestion
Blade also supports definitive styled props on several components to modify styles so that the UI is generated in defined guidelines of Razorpay's brand language.
```
